all right so last week I was in here I
decided to move the Queen excluder based
on some advice day I received at the
same time some of the wax inserts I
received from Brushy Mountain were too
small for the frame I had left one out a
couple of that others that were too
small and they decided to kind of lean
into the one lead into the wall and one
lean into the other frame so I'm going
to replace those they sent me some no
questions just told him what was up and
they sent them over which I thought was
cool so
they're still struggling
nice to keep that what you guys up here
looks like I've sent them down so what's
going on
that's a massive beard so if you have
seen those on my post speak zone you're
so good
they're working see some cone finally
all right what's happenin here
around super hot today take out a couple
of frames this one
look at you to the frame could make it
and melt it something really wrong with
the wax now but I'm so new with this
lesson learned just the wrong time of do
it
they're not even working up here you
know there's a lot of bees in here but
to hardly coming clean hasn't been up
here
accenture ones look very good oh I see
that they are charring it out I'm not
being absurd water anymore so they're
going much slower we're going to go at
their own pace
looking bad really hate disturbing good
smokes
this
terrible mess
you understand
because they're working
No
sorry ladies
keep you
alright so I got some good frames here
cover this up real quick after new
inserts then i'm going to go ahead and
put in then i got to crack it back open
sorry guys keep you covered up
just tap the frame in front of the hive
and then find their way back in they'll
be like a little line going in it's
pretty amazing some of them are thinking
but I've been working here and
unfortunately
do this
all right I'll be right back you guys
want to watch the beasts see all right
I'm back that smoker stays open ami i'm
just going to insert these frames get
one more quick look
you guys work fast
you
this won't take long
this is over here
to the top because we take a look inside
seemed while working in there
this is a gap you can see way down there
there's some caps down there not sure
what you can see every time I hold this
thing and I look at it later I didn't do
a very good job but you can see one of
the broken ones part of me wants to just
take that out trying to keep it
it's a nice tight once
girl
we got nice and tight
they're definitely let me work today you
probably know things are messed up I'm
so acceptable
not sure if i'm going to use these wax
frames again
do we see about that the two bottom
supers the first meet him and first in
the deep one deep are plastic would like
a wax coating this is much neater than
it was
now I don't see anything drawn at this
because there was one frame I saw some
work done on
but at least it's an either in here now
and hopefully more acceptable for them
to work and they're being so middle I
think I'm going to leave them alone
maybe they're enjoying the letting air
out of the top of the type species
cheering like crazy
alright mission accomplished what we're
going to do nothing really seems to be
happening up there too much there's lots
of bees but not a lot getting done check
again in a week or so